yes he is not families and more importantly
his solo album
for me it
Russian
there are many
don't think
it's just a job, but
new another is incredulous
prosecutor's office
fire in a lame horse
english is the climax
it is better
defendants
not reported
I have another
will go
here's a symbian
like this
we talked
sarah sata esata
so the idea at all
this case
she knows
Rosstat
seaside
Moscow
Existence
for this project
so immediately drik
miller
trouble
thousands
this in turn magnifies
Further
so much that their actions
Russia
need yes
these are the plans
in food
I love very much
apple corporation
as itar tass
reaction
rather yes
he
further marks
Further
idea m
ice thickness
per share
understandably
which means meeting
highway m Russians standard
and once
persons in the city center
academician
m in the first place
I believe
I have a mandate
I give you